README-template.md, before:

# [report title]

[report summary]

## Use + Remix rights

![[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0)](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/80x15/png/by.png)

These charts, as well as the analyses that underpin them, are available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 licence. This includes commercial reuse and derivates.

<!-- Do any of the data sources fall under a different licence? If so, describe the licence and which parts of the data fall under it here! if most of it does, change the above and replace LICENCE.md too -->

Data in these charts comes from:

* [report data sources and links]

**Please attribute 360info and the data sources when you use and remix these visualisations.**

## Reproduce the analysis

We typically publish graphics using [Quarto](https://quarto.org) notebooks, which can be found in the`*.qmd` files. Quarto allows reproducible analysis and visualisation to be done in a mix of languages, but we typically use [R](https://r-project,.org) and [Observable JS](https://observablehq.com/@observablehq/observables-not-javascript).

You'll need to:
- [Download and install Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started)
- [Download the install R](https://www.r-project.org)
- Satisfy the R package dependencies. In R:
  * Install the [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv) package with `install.packages("renv")`,
  * Then run `renv::restore()` to install the R package dependencies.
  * (For problems satisfying R package dependencies, refer to [Quarto's documentation on virtual environments](https://quarto.org/docs/projects/virtual-environments.html).)

Now, render the `.qmd` files to the `/out` directory with:

```sh
quarto render
```

## Help

If you find any problems with our analysis or charts, please feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/360-info/[report repo name]/issues/new)!

Commit message:

Add Codespace note and extra dev container instructions

README-template.md, after:

# [report_title]

[report_summary]

## Use + Remix rights

![[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0)](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/80x15/png/by.png)

These charts, as well as the analyses that underpin them, are available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 licence. This includes commercial reuse and derivates.

<!-- Do any of the data sources fall under a different licence? If so, describe the licence and which parts of the data fall under it here! if most of it does, change the above and replace LICENCE.md too -->

Data in these charts comes from:

* [report_datasources_links]

**Please attribute 360info and the data sources when you use and remix these visualisations.**

## Reproduce the analysis

### 💨 Quickstart: use the dev container

This project comes with a ready-to-use [dev container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) that includes everything you need to reproduce the analysis (or do a similar one of your own!), including [R](https://r-project.org) and [Quarto](https://quarto.org).

1. [Launch this project in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/new?hide_repo_select=true&ref=main&repo=[report_codespaces_id])
2. If you have Docker installed, you can build and run the container locally:
  - Download or clone the project
  - Open it in [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
  - Run the **Remote-Containers: Reopen in Container** command

Once the container has launched (it might take a few minutes to set up the first time), you can run the analysis scripts with:

```sh
quarto render
```

Or look for the `.qmd` files to modify the analysis.

### Manual setup

To setup a development environment manually, 

You'll need to:
- [Download and install Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started)
- [Download the install R](https://www.r-project.org)
- Satisfy the R package dependencies. In R:
  * Install the [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv) package with `install.packages("renv")`,
  * Then run `renv::restore()` to install the R package dependencies.
  * (For problems satisfying R package dependencies, refer to [Quarto's documentation on virtual environments](https://quarto.org/docs/projects/virtual-environments.html).)

Now, render the `.qmd` files to the `/out` directory with:

```sh
quarto render
```

## Help

If you find any problems with our analysis or charts, please feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/360-info/[report repo name]/issues/new)!
